_libgcc_mutex             0.1                        main    defaults
_openmp_mutex             5.1                       1_gnu    defaults
accelerate                1.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
addict                    2.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
aiofiles                  23.2.1                   pypi_0    pypi
aiohappyeyeballs          2.6.1                    pypi_0    pypi
aiohttp                   3.11.14                  pypi_0    pypi
aiosignal                 1.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
annotated-types           0.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
antlr4-python3-runtime    4.9.3                    pypi_0    pypi
anyio                     4.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
async-timeout             5.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
attrs                     25.3.0                   pypi_0    pypi
beautifulsoup4            4.13.4                   pypi_0    pypi
ca-certificates           2025.2.25            h06a4308_0    defaults
cachetools                5.5.2                    pypi_0    pypi
certifi                   2025.1.31                pypi_0    pypi
charset-normalizer        3.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
click                     8.1.8                    pypi_0    pypi
contourpy                 1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
cycler                    0.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
dashscope                 1.23.2                   pypi_0    pypi
datasets                  2.12.0                   pypi_0    pypi
decord                    0.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
dill                      0.3.6                    pypi_0    pypi
distro                    1.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
einops                    0.8.1                    pypi_0    pypi
et-xmlfile                2.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
exceptiongroup            1.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
fastapi                   0.115.12                 pypi_0    pypi
ffmpy                     0.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
filelock                  3.18.0                   pypi_0    pypi
fonttools                 4.56.0                   pypi_0    pypi
frozenlist                1.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
fsspec                    2024.12.0                pypi_0    pypi
google                    3.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
google-ai-generativelanguage 0.6.15                   pypi_0    pypi
google-api-core           2.25.0rc1                pypi_0    pypi
google-api-python-client  2.169.0                  pypi_0    pypi
google-auth               2.40.1                   pypi_0    pypi
google-auth-httplib2      0.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
google-genai              1.14.0                   pypi_0    pypi
google-generativeai       0.8.5                    pypi_0    pypi
googleapis-common-protos  1.70.0                   pypi_0    pypi
gradio                    4.44.1                   pypi_0    pypi
gradio-client             1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
grpcio                    1.71.0                   pypi_0    pypi
grpcio-status             1.71.0                   pypi_0    pypi
h11                       0.14.0                   pypi_0    pypi
httpcore                  1.0.7                    pypi_0    pypi
httplib2                  0.22.0                   pypi_0    pypi
httpx                     0.28.1                   pypi_0    pypi
huggingface-hub           0.29.3                   pypi_0    pypi
idna                      3.10                     pypi_0    pypi
imageio                   2.37.0                   pypi_0    pypi
importlib-metadata        8.6.1                    pypi_0    pypi
importlib-resources       6.5.2                    pypi_0    pypi
jinja2                    3.1.6                    pypi_0    pypi
jiter                     0.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
kiwisolver                1.4.7                    pypi_0    pypi
ld_impl_linux-64          2.40                 h12ee557_0    defaults
libffi                    3.4.4                h6a678d5_1    defaults
libgcc-ng                 11.2.0               h1234567_1    defaults
libgomp                   11.2.0               h1234567_1    defaults
libstdcxx-ng              11.2.0               h1234567_1    defaults
markdown-it-py            3.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
markupsafe                2.1.5                    pypi_0    pypi
matplotlib                3.9.4                    pypi_0    pypi
mdurl                     0.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
modelscope                1.24.1                   pypi_0    pypi
mpmath                    1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
multidict                 6.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
multiprocess              0.70.14                  pypi_0    pypi
ncurses                   6.4                  h6a678d5_0    defaults
networkx                  3.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
numpy                     2.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cublas-cu12        12.4.5.8                 pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12    12.4.127                 pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12    12.4.127                 pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12  12.4.127                 pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cudnn-cu12         9.1.0.70                 pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cufft-cu12         11.2.1.3                 pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-curand-cu12        10.3.5.147               pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cusolver-cu12      11.6.1.9                 pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cusparse-cu12      12.3.1.170               pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cusparselt-cu12    0.6.2                    pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-nccl-cu12          2.21.5                   pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12     12.4.127                 pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-nvtx-cu12          12.4.127                 pypi_0    pypi
omegaconf                 2.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
openai                    1.68.2                   pypi_0    pypi
opencv-python             4.11.0.86                pypi_0    pypi
openpyxl                  3.1.5                    pypi_0    pypi
openssl                   3.0.16               h5eee18b_0    defaults
orjson                    3.10.16                  pypi_0    pypi
packaging                 24.2                     pypi_0    pypi
pandas                    2.2.3                    pypi_0    pypi
pillow                    10.4.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pip                       25.0             py39h06a4308_0    defaults
portalocker               3.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
propcache                 0.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
proto-plus                1.26.1                   pypi_0    pypi
protobuf                  5.29.4                   pypi_0    pypi
psutil                    7.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pyarrow                   19.0.1                   pypi_0    pypi
pyasn1                    0.6.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pyasn1-modules            0.4.2                    pypi_0    pypi
pydantic                  2.10.6                   pypi_0    pypi
pydantic-core             2.27.2                   pypi_0    pypi
pydub                     0.25.1                   pypi_0    pypi
pygments                  2.19.1                   pypi_0    pypi
pyparsing                 3.2.3                    pypi_0    pypi
python                    3.9.21               he870216_1    defaults
python-dateutil           2.9.0.post0              pypi_0    pypi
python-dotenv             1.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
python-multipart          0.0.20                   pypi_0    pypi
pytz                      2025.2                   pypi_0    pypi
pyyaml                    6.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
readline                  8.2                  h5eee18b_0    defaults
regex                     2024.11.6                pypi_0    pypi
requests                  2.32.3                   pypi_0    pypi
responses                 0.18.0                   pypi_0    pypi
rich                      13.9.4                   pypi_0    pypi
rsa                       4.9.1                    pypi_0    pypi
ruff                      0.11.2                   pypi_0    pypi
safetensors               0.5.3                    pypi_0    pypi
semantic-version          2.10.0                   pypi_0    pypi
sentencepiece             0.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
setuptools                75.8.0           py39h06a4308_0    defaults
shellingham               1.5.4                    pypi_0    pypi
six                       1.17.0                   pypi_0    pypi
sniffio                   1.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
soupsieve                 2.7                      pypi_0    pypi
sqlite                    3.45.3               h5eee18b_0    defaults
starlette                 0.46.1                   pypi_0    pypi
sty                       1.0.6                    pypi_0    pypi
sympy                     1.13.1                   pypi_0    pypi
tabulate                  0.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tiktoken                  0.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
timeout-decorator         0.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
timm                      1.0.15                   pypi_0    pypi
tk                        8.6.14               h39e8969_0    defaults
tokenizers                0.21.1                   pypi_0    pypi
tomlkit                   0.12.0                   pypi_0    pypi
torch                     2.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
torchvision               0.21.0                   pypi_0    pypi
tqdm                      4.67.1                   pypi_0    pypi
transformers              4.50.2                   pypi_0    pypi
triton                    3.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
typer                     0.15.2                   pypi_0    pypi
typing-extensions         4.13.0                   pypi_0    pypi
tzdata                    2025.2                   pypi_0    pypi
uritemplate               4.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
urllib3                   2.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
uvicorn                   0.34.0                   pypi_0    pypi
validators                0.34.0                   pypi_0    pypi
vlmeval                   0.1.0                     dev_0    <develop>
websocket-client          1.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
websockets                15.0.1                   pypi_0    pypi
wheel                     0.45.1           py39h06a4308_0    defaults
xlsxwriter                3.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
xxhash                    3.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
xz                        5.6.4                h5eee18b_1    defaults
yarl                      1.18.3                   pypi_0    pypi
zipp                      3.21.0                   pypi_0    pypi
zlib                      1.2.13               h5eee18b_1    defaults
